README.md, before:

# s009900
# ![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com/?lines=Welcome!+👋+Thanks+for+making+it+over!;Remember+to+star+this+repo!;Let's+collaborate!+🚀+Create+some+issues!+🥳&color=000000)
<img align="top-right" src="Penguin.png" alt="Penguin" width="15%" /><br>
![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=s009900&style=for-the-badge&color=ff69b4&label=Views:)

### 👥 Latest Followers

| Name | GitHub |
|------|--------|
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/201192802?v=4" width="30" height="30"> jaiq123 | [@jaiq123](https://github.com/jaiq123) |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/207253023?v=4" width="30" height="30"> h0011000 | [@h0011000](https://github.com/h0011000) |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/207921092?v=4" width="30" height="30"> ez0000001000000 | [@ez0000001000000](https://github.com/ez0000001000000) |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/207921618?v=4" width="30" height="30"> as000010000 | [@as000010000](https://github.com/as000010000) |
## Contributions Snake Light/Dark Themed
![GitHub Snake Light](https://github.com/s009900/s009900-test/blob/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg)
![GitHub Snake Dark](https://github.com/s009900/s009900-test/blob/output/github-contribution-grid-snake-dark.svg)



<!--
<details>
<summary><b>👥 Last Followers</b></summary>

| # | Avatar | Username |
|---|--------|----------|
| 1 | <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/207921618?v=4" width="24" /> | [as000010000](https://github.com/as000010000) |
| 2 | <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/207921092?v=4" width="24" /> | [ez0000001000000](https://github.com/ez0000001000000) |
| 3 | <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/207253023?v=4" width="24" /> | [h0011000](https://github.com/h0011000) |
| 4 | <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/201192802?v=4" width="24" /> | [jaiq123](https://github.com/jaiq123) |

</details>
-->


## <img src="https://media2.giphy.com/media/QssGEmpkyEOhBCb7e1/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47a0n3gi1bfqntqmob8g9aid1oyj2wr3ds3mg700bl&rid=giphy.gif" width ="25"><b> Languages and Tools</b>


<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://techstack-generator.vercel.app/react-icon.svg" alt="icon" width="65" height="65" />
      <br>React
    </td>
    <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://techstack-generator.vercel.app/csharp-icon.svg" alt="icon" width="65" height="65" />
      <br>C#
    </td>
    <td align="center" width="96"> 
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=dotnet" width="48" height="48" alt="Git" />
    s  <br>.Net
    </td>
    <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://techstack-generator.vercel.app/cpp-icon.svg" alt="icon" width="65" height="65" />
      <br>C++
    </td>
    <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://techstack-generator.vercel.app/js-icon.svg" alt="icon" width="65" height="65" />
      <br>JavaScript
    </td>
     <td align="center" width="96">
      <a href="#macropower-tech">
        <img src="https://techstack-generator.vercel.app/python-icon.svg" alt="icon" width="65" height="65" />
      </a>
      <br>Python
    </td>
    <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://techstack-generator.vercel.app/mysql-icon.svg" alt="icon" width="65" height="65" />
      <br>MySQL
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://techstack-generator.vercel.app/django-icon.svg" alt="icon" width="65" height="65" />
      <br>Django
    <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://techstack-generator.vercel.app/github-icon.svg" alt="icon" width="65" height="65" />
      <br>Github
    </td>
    <td align="center"  width="96">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html" width="48" height="48" alt="HTML5" />
      <br>HTML5
    </td>
    <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=css" width="48" height="48" alt="css" />
      <br>CSS
    </td>
    <td align="center"  width="96">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=bootstrap" width="48" height="48" alt="bootstrap" />
      <br>Bootstrap
    </td>
      <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-mNAYu8OwYOw/W82aXiapHYI/AAAAAAAAGkg/hjmq84D2Jj8RBp5l9rMNTk7n79KeuPw1QCEwYBhgL/s1600/InsistentSardonicAppaloosa-size_restricted.gif" width="48" height="48" alt="SQL" />
      <br>SQL
    </td>
        <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs" width="48" height="48" alt="Nodejs" />
      <br>Nodejs
      </td>
      </td>
   
  
 </tr>
</table>
<br><br>
</tr>
</tr></tr>

<details>
<summary><b>📊 Activity Graph</b></summary>
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=s009900&theme=dracula" alt="Activity Graph" width="100%">
</div>
</details>

<details>
  
<summary><b>🏆 Trophies</b></summary>

![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=s009900&margin-w=15&title=-Repositories&theme=dracula)
</details>
<details>
<summary><b>😁 Code Cycle</b></summary>

<table style="border: none; border-collapse: collapse; margin: 10px 0;">
  <tr style="border: none;">
    <td align="center" style="border: none; padding: 0 20px;">
      <img src="good-spiral-eyes.png" width="80" alt="Broken system!"/><br>
      Something BROKE!
    </td>
    <td align="center" style="border: none; padding: 0 20px;">
      <img src="good-relieved.png" width="80" alt="It's working!"/><br>
      It's FINALLY working...
    </td>
    <td align="center" style="border: none; padding: 0 20px;">
      <img src="good-astonished.png" width="80" alt="It's working but I don't know how!"/><br>
      on its own? HOW IS IT WORKING???
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>🔄 Workflow Through Life</b></summary>

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    %% Set the overall direction
    direction LR

    %% Subgraph 1
    subgraph S1 [ ]
        direction TB
        top1["s009900's-Profile - did it!"] --> bottom1["Ask s009900 🤝"]
    end

    %% Subgraph 2
    subgraph S2 [ ]
        direction TB
        top2["Google Endlessly 🔎"] --> bottom2["Waste Time ⌛"]
    end

    %% Entry point
    D["Discover Problem 🐛"] --> S1
    D --> S2

    S1 --> SC["Succeed 📈"]
    S2 --> CRY["Cry 😢"]

    click top1 "https://www.github.com/s009900/" "Visit Github Profile"
    style S1 stroke:#072ff7,stroke-width:5px
    style S2 stroke:#f70707,stroke-width:5px
```
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>😋 Contributions</b></summary>
Want to contribute? Awesome! 
  
The most basic way to show your support is to star the project or to raise issues or suggest ideas. Thanks! 
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>🫱🏼‍🫲🏼 Contributors - You can be one too! Just fork and submit a PR with your changes</b></summary>

[![Contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=s009900/s009900)](https://github.com/s009900/s009900/graphs/contributors)

</details>

<div align="center">
  <picture><img src = "https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/209c1290-5039-4723-8ea8-04423f1ddf4c" width = 50px></picture>
  <picture><img src = "https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/209c1290-5039-4723-8ea8-04423f1ddf4c" width = 50px></picture>
  <picture><img src = "https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/209c1290-5039-4723-8ea8-04423f1ddf4c" width = 50px></picture>
  <picture><img src = "https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/209c1290-5039-4723-8ea8-04423f1ddf4c" width = 50px></picture>
  <picture><img src = "https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/209c1290-5039-4723-8ea8-04423f1ddf4c" width = 50px></picture>
  <picture><img src = "https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/209c1290-5039-4723-8ea8-04423f1ddf4c" width = 50px></picture>
  <picture><img src = "https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/209c1290-5039-4723-8ea8-04423f1ddf4c" width = 50px></picture>
  <picture><img src = "https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/209c1290-5039-4723-8ea8-04423f1ddf4c" width = 50px></picture>
  <picture><img src = "https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/209c1290-5039-4723-8ea8-04423f1ddf4c" width = 50px></picture>
</div>




<div align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&customColorList=14,18,20,24,28&height=120&section=footer&animation=float" width="100%" />
</div>

Commit message:

Update README.md added followers

README.md, after:

# s009900
# ![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com/?lines=Welcome!+👋+Thanks+for+making+it+over!;Remember+to+star+this+repo!;Let's+collaborate!+🚀+Create+some+issues!+🥳&color=000000)
<img align="top-right" src="Penguin.png" alt="Penguin" width="15%" /><br>
![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=s009900&style=for-the-badge&color=ff69b4&label=Views:)

### 👥 Latest Followers

| Name | GitHub |
|------|--------|
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/201192802?v=4" width="30" height="30"> jaiq123 | [@jaiq123](https://github.com/jaiq123) |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/207253023?v=4" width="30" height="30"> h0011000 | [@h0011000](https://github.com/h0011000) |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/207921092?v=4" width="30" height="30"> ez0000001000000 | [@ez0000001000000](https://github.com/ez0000001000000) |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/207921618?v=4" width="30" height="30"> as000010000 | [@as000010000](https://github.com/as000010000) |


You can be 👆 there too by [following me](https://github.com/s009900)

(Usually takes a minute to update)

## Contributions Snake Light/Dark Themed
![GitHub Snake Light](https://github.com/s009900/s009900-test/blob/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg)
![GitHub Snake Dark](https://github.com/s009900/s009900-test/blob/output/github-contribution-grid-snake-dark.svg)



<!--
<details>
<summary><b>👥 Last Followers</b></summary>

| # | Avatar | Username |
|---|--------|----------|
| 1 | <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/207921618?v=4" width="24" /> | [as000010000](https://github.com/as000010000) |
| 2 | <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/207921092?v=4" width="24" /> | [ez0000001000000](https://github.com/ez0000001000000) |
| 3 | <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/207253023?v=4" width="24" /> | [h0011000](https://github.com/h0011000) |
| 4 | <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/201192802?v=4" width="24" /> | [jaiq123](https://github.com/jaiq123) |

</details>
-->


## <img src="https://media2.giphy.com/media/QssGEmpkyEOhBCb7e1/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47a0n3gi1bfqntqmob8g9aid1oyj2wr3ds3mg700bl&rid=giphy.gif" width ="25"><b> Languages and Tools</b>


<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://techstack-generator.vercel.app/react-icon.svg" alt="icon" width="65" height="65" />
      <br>React
    </td>
    <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://techstack-generator.vercel.app/csharp-icon.svg" alt="icon" width="65" height="65" />
      <br>C#
    </td>
    <td align="center" width="96"> 
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=dotnet" width="48" height="48" alt="Git" />
    s  <br>.Net
    </td>
    <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://techstack-generator.vercel.app/cpp-icon.svg" alt="icon" width="65" height="65" />
      <br>C++
    </td>
    <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://techstack-generator.vercel.app/js-icon.svg" alt="icon" width="65" height="65" />
      <br>JavaScript
    </td>
     <td align="center" width="96">
      <a href="#macropower-tech">
        <img src="https://techstack-generator.vercel.app/python-icon.svg" alt="icon" width="65" height="65" />
      </a>
      <br>Python
    </td>
    <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://techstack-generator.vercel.app/mysql-icon.svg" alt="icon" width="65" height="65" />
      <br>MySQL
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://techstack-generator.vercel.app/django-icon.svg" alt="icon" width="65" height="65" />
      <br>Django
    <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://techstack-generator.vercel.app/github-icon.svg" alt="icon" width="65" height="65" />
      <br>Github
    </td>
    <td align="center"  width="96">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html" width="48" height="48" alt="HTML5" />
      <br>HTML5
    </td>
    <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=css" width="48" height="48" alt="css" />
      <br>CSS
    </td>
    <td align="center"  width="96">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=bootstrap" width="48" height="48" alt="bootstrap" />
      <br>Bootstrap
    </td>
      <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-mNAYu8OwYOw/W82aXiapHYI/AAAAAAAAGkg/hjmq84D2Jj8RBp5l9rMNTk7n79KeuPw1QCEwYBhgL/s1600/InsistentSardonicAppaloosa-size_restricted.gif" width="48" height="48" alt="SQL" />
      <br>SQL
    </td>
        <td align="center" width="96">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs" width="48" height="48" alt="Nodejs" />
      <br>Nodejs
      </td>
      </td>
   
  
 </tr>
</table>
<br><br>
</tr>
</tr></tr>

<details>
<summary><b>📊 Activity Graph</b></summary>
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=s009900&theme=dracula" alt="Activity Graph" width="100%">
</div>
</details>

<details>
  
<summary><b>🏆 Trophies</b></summary>

![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=s009900&margin-w=15&title=-Repositories&theme=dracula)
</details>
<details>
<summary><b>😁 Code Cycle</b></summary>

<table style="border: none; border-collapse: collapse; margin: 10px 0;">
  <tr style="border: none;">
    <td align="center" style="border: none; padding: 0 20px;">
      <img src="good-spiral-eyes.png" width="80" alt="Broken system!"/><br>
      Something BROKE!
    </td>
    <td align="center" style="border: none; padding: 0 20px;">
      <img src="good-relieved.png" width="80" alt="It's working!"/><br>
      It's FINALLY working...
    </td>
    <td align="center" style="border: none; padding: 0 20px;">
      <img src="good-astonished.png" width="80" alt="It's working but I don't know how!"/><br>
      on its own? HOW IS IT WORKING???
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>🔄 Workflow Through Life</b></summary>

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    %% Set the overall direction
    direction LR

    %% Subgraph 1
    subgraph S1 [ ]
        direction TB
        top1["s009900's-Profile - did it!"] --> bottom1["Ask s009900 🤝"]
    end

    %% Subgraph 2
    subgraph S2 [ ]
        direction TB
        top2["Google Endlessly 🔎"] --> bottom2["Waste Time ⌛"]
    end

    %% Entry point
    D["Discover Problem 🐛"] --> S1
    D --> S2

    S1 --> SC["Succeed 📈"]
    S2 --> CRY["Cry 😢"]

    click top1 "https://www.github.com/s009900/" "Visit Github Profile"
    style S1 stroke:#072ff7,stroke-width:5px
    style S2 stroke:#f70707,stroke-width:5px
```
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>😋 Contributions</b></summary>
Want to contribute? Awesome! 
  
The most basic way to show your support is to star the project or to raise issues or suggest ideas. Thanks! 
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>🫱🏼‍🫲🏼 Contributors - You can be one too! Just fork and submit a PR with your changes</b></summary>

[![Contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=s009900/s009900)](https://github.com/s009900/s009900/graphs/contributors)

</details>

<div align="center">
  <picture><img src = "https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/209c1290-5039-4723-8ea8-04423f1ddf4c" width = 50px></picture>
  <picture><img src = "https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/209c1290-5039-4723-8ea8-04423f1ddf4c" width = 50px></picture>
  <picture><img src = "https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/209c1290-5039-4723-8ea8-04423f1ddf4c" width = 50px></picture>
  <picture><img src = "https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/209c1290-5039-4723-8ea8-04423f1ddf4c" width = 50px></picture>
  <picture><img src = "https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/209c1290-5039-4723-8ea8-04423f1ddf4c" width = 50px></picture>
  <picture><img src = "https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/209c1290-5039-4723-8ea8-04423f1ddf4c" width = 50px></picture>
  <picture><img src = "https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/209c1290-5039-4723-8ea8-04423f1ddf4c" width = 50px></picture>
  <picture><img src = "https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/209c1290-5039-4723-8ea8-04423f1ddf4c" width = 50px></picture>
  <picture><img src = "https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/209c1290-5039-4723-8ea8-04423f1ddf4c" width = 50px></picture>
</div>




<div align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&customColorList=14,18,20,24,28&height=120&section=footer&animation=float" width="100%" />
</div>
